So our mission was simply just create
a second piece of Middleware predominantly
to see how you can actually chain
multiple pieces of Middleware together.
So they log Middleware, and now we wanted
to make the monitor Middleware as well.
We have some of
the implementation up here so
we can kinda steal a little
piece of that as well.
And so down here we'll do const.
Monitor Middleware,
that'll be against store.
Next and action and listen,
I'm not proud of this.
The way that I remember this is the first
three letters of the word snack.
I don't know if that's helpful to you.
That is how I remember the three which I
think about how much I like snacks and
that is how I know is a store next and
action.
The rest of the letters aren't helpful,
yeah, that's how I remember.
So, in here we would
have our performance and
now instead of this new state,
what we're gonna do is say just next.
Action and
then we will console log at diff.
And then to use multiple Middleware
apply Middleware accepts any number
of arguments, that it will compose
together into one chain of Middleware.
So here, we'll say monitor Middleware.
And now you can see we
are getting both again.
Where we get the performance monitoring
as well as the state changes.
So really all apply Middleware, is this
abstraction over enhancers that involves
less boilerplate for you to write.
And is chainable out of the box and
it creates one enhancer
out of all the Middleware.
And is useful for
kind of either having side effects
around the flow of actions because even
as we said in the very beginning of this.
A reducer is a pure function that
takes two inputs and makes one output.
It should theoretically
not have side effects.
We have all put console logs
inside of our reducers.
But in terms of things you can't
necessarily make a promise,
your hand away to promise and
reduce or anything along those lines.
So Middleware gives you a place where
you can inspect the flow of actions.
You can modify those actions, you change,
replace them and dispatch new actions.
If you did not call next to action
based on some kind of conditional.
It would never make it through the rest
of the Middleware and to the reducer.
Sometimes that's what you want, sometimes
you rely on someone dispatch a function,
you don't wanna make it
all the way to reduce.
So you wanna go make that ajax request, do
whatever wait for the promise to resolve.
Get that result, and
then turn that into the action that
goes to the rest of the chain.
Middleware is the place to do that.
And so that's this kind of common cases
gives you the ability to inspect that
flow as well.
And so that point congratulations,
you can print out a certificate and
put it on your wall.
You now know the entirety
of the Redux API.
That is all we covered
all five of the methods.
We covered all four of
the ones on the store.
We have gone through all that
there is to know about Redux.
The next step for us is to figure out how
to put it into a react application, right?
And so what we'll do is we'll take
really three different approaches.
We'll use hooks to just hook our
Redux store up to react at all right.
And then we'll figure
out how to get state and
dispatch actions from our
components using hooks.
And then we will look at how to do
it using higher order components.
We'll talk a little bit about what
strategy you might want to use and why.
And then finally, we'll take
a look at it using Redux toolkit.
Which will wrap a lot of this up for
us and
theoretically allow you to use
either one of those API's as well.